=head1 NAME

add-to-word-search.vim - vim plugin to append more words to searches.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

When searching through code one often needs to add more related
terms to the search. For example, if I found a call to a function inside
a different one, or when a type is typedef'ed to something else (in C).
This module aims to allow you to convenietly add search terms to the search
so you can find all the occurences of all of them.
To use: put this in C<~/.vim/plugin/> , which can be typed by installing the
Ruby rake package and typing C<rake install>.

Then you can type C<< <Leader>** >> to add a search term to the search
(mnemonic - C<*> is the namespace and C<'*'> searches forward for a keyword)
and C<< <Leader>## >> to add a search term to the search and search backwards
(mnemonic - ## like the vim # command).

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2012 by Shlomi Fish

This program is distributed under the MIT (X11) License:
L<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

=cut
